updating packages to the latest versions (#178)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/migrations/6-7.md

6. In `src>Blocks>Blocks.php` add new filter `\add_action('wp_footer', [$this, 'outputCssVariablesInline']);` to be able to output one style tag styles.
7. In `src>Blocks>manifest.json` add config keys used to trigger different behaviour of the boilerplate.

	```json
	"config": {
		"outputCssGlobally": true,
		"outputCssOptimize": true,
		"outputCssSelectorName": "esCssVariables",
		"outputCssGloballyAdditionalStyles": [
			":root {--es-loaded-opacity: 1;}"
		],
		"useWrapper": true
	},

> 	```

Reviewer: thanks for the clarification!

8. Open `src>Blocks>assets` folder and compare it with our new layout and files located [here](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs/tree/feature/variables/blocks/init/src/Blocks/assets).

> 9. In `src>Enqueue>Blocks>EnqueueBlocks.php` add new filter to output new frontend only styles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. In `src>Enqueue>Blocks>EnqueueBlocks.php` add a new action to output new frontend-only styles:
```
